Dear Senator Grassely, Thank you for your years of leadership, especially your time spent as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  I am writing you today to ask your help with a matter of national importance. Recently Joint Resolution 4 was sent to your committee. This resolution introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont is one that cuts right to the heart of this grave danger facing our democracy. As Chairman of the judiciary committee you perhaps more than any other Senator has the power to make the case for amending our constitution in order to protect our sacred democracy from the corrupting influence of unlimited corporate money in our political system. I care deeply about this country, as I know you do. It concerns me to watch our electoral process slip increasingly into the hands of large corporations. The money being spent in contributions to both parties is astonishing and is growing by the year. At a certain point one has to ask, Is America a country with a government “of the people, by the people, for the people? Or are we a country that owes its loyalty to the entities that fund our political process. I am asking for not just your support of this important resolution, but to take up the cause of the people and be a voice that champions our interests. Please do all you can to support this amendment, showing the people of this country that you are dedicated to them and not the special interests that seek to twist our democracy and lock the people out of our government. Best regards, 